Offering psn games picks up games in
digital media releases from ps3 to
from $ 60 to release ps4
from $ 80 link in description buy
already speaks guys from youtube all firmness
that speaks of games already have won here
another minecraft video or this
same people
Thank you very much for your evaluation.
You 're such a fucking fuck and you're back.
showing my map here guys
You asked for a series for me and this.
Are you going to go back?
but first I 'll introduce you here is
that the house of sponge bob I think
that everybody already is that drawing bob
Sponge has nothing to talk like that
Here begins this sponge bob to see that there is
a pineapple as you can see I will
Enter here to become a Gaza lawyer.
Transport, everything beauty, no problem
our honor to have worked here in
It's all totally orange, whoever
I do not think we will see if this can
moral contribution is that
and here is the house of mollusc squid I think
is that in that remote movie 31 that does not
has nothing inside was my girlfriend that
did it here
she saw on a channel there I do not know that the channel
That she saw her sister ended up doing more
It was really cool, even I found it in
good top before another place to show
I want to talk to you, what she does.
said goodbye to survival
we call writing and if we talk to
she then the deal is the following I go
only to do that after I finish this
series showing my legacy map
that will stay cool but the cool of such
God the people are liking I'm going to start
meshing the minecraft is ready
minecraft logo soon you catch change
exchange with the other
That's cool, asshole. I do not know. I'm fine.
huh
Good people, that's what my hiding place is.
That's right , you guys are going to break.
to see you were not ours but what the fuck is
this one fifth small Japanese is not a
small business is the following here is a
elevator
You're it opens automatically when
you open and so is already happening is that the
command that gives if it is also in command
it opens as if it were automatically
an automatic glass door and opens
here guys can see that it has the same
texture to stay
What's the same here for not having
I open this problem beauty, I'm going to fall
to not take a shower put that water
beauty has here
here the elevator let's know you 're just the
sony the lever to go up so goes
gather lever wait it goes
take people there if on google
Will not I go to the galley?
transportation within that location
Then you have to open it.
automatically and then I'm back here
It's cool, it's a little legg
Excuse me, people are good here guys
Like, consume even the way I did it.
I put everything to close the goal
It was nice, a glass door.
I found it very cool cool where
everything has something that hit the
button to win a helmet has that
command that you won the helmet of the
and if it appears a little bit more
appears disclosed
Good guys, I know it 's a helmet here.
I do not know why all the nervous in the
server but that's neither here also has
as if the party to win a pants
that any mature is here to win
xp team to win is a boot is well
Nice even did not give a thousand
experience for me
type to make sure there're in the middle
to blow you to creative mode I think
so also the beauty
Let's put gameworld here let's see
game
zero I think it was beauty
I'm with xp i4i one of the rock
experience still here is a shovel do not know
because it is not falling but falls crowd is
which owes both to beauty bondage linen
to know something push the button
earn a chest team wins furnace
each one gives a different thing and here it is
the coolest one with bows and arrows here
in hollow flash is that it is the wardrobe of
armor that I think is cool even not
I know if it will work but it was the time
press the full amateur pay button
you can buy have nothing here not
I do not care if you come here.
galera and put on an armor that we have
here below a network system
story you go into the hole
as you can see it will fall
he falls and he puts on an armor
You 're all empty because you were
Throwing survival camera girlfriend ended
in shooting
so this is it people are basically
This is all I wanted to show you.
you
This is a secret hiding place of the
items and also the house of sponge bob and
squid and patrick everything else
uneven video here since the favorite
subscribe to the channel if you're new I'm going to
leave the time you follow facebook fan
page to discuss and facebook too
nobody needs to change an idea galera
Stay with god, a hug until the next
video
thanks
the psn digital games digital games a
from 30 reais
links in description